it would be silly to say that Apple's
latest iteration of the 15 and 2015
MacBook Pro with Retina display is the
best MacBook yet because well that's the
truth with every new model unfortunately
you won't find a shiny new processor
setup this time around as Apple stuck
with the trusty old Haswell
configuration the good news is there's a
bump in clock speed across the board and
if it matters to you we also have a
completely new GPU set up thanks to AMD
in the high-end model if you'd like to
check out the full specifications for
this macbook pro i will leave them
linked down below for you just in case
you're curious I went with the 2.8
gigahertz configuration with one
terabyte of flash storage after a lot of
internal debating but I felt like it was
worth the extra cash as expected though
we have a beautiful Retina display here
with a resolution of 28 80 by 1800
that's good for 220 pixels per inch
Apple's new 2015 MacBook and MacBook Pro
lineup also includes the new force touch
trackpad which comes along with some
cool features but none of them are
particularly useful to me though if
you'd like to check out all of the force
touch features available I'll leave a
video linked below for you instead of
focusing this review on how great or
poor this MacBook is for everyone I'm
going to tell you how it works for me I
make videos and most of those videos
happen to be in 4k resolution so it
should be no surprise that I'd need
something powerful to get the job done
when I'm on the go also if you're
interested in that sweet carbon fiber
skin I'm rocking on this MacBook Pro I
picked it up from D brand and I will
leave it linked below for you I actually
edited this entire review and this
MacBooks unboxing video on well itself
and if you'd like to check out that
unboxing video with benchmarks and
comparisons to the other 15-inch
configurations I will leave that down
below for you but Premiere Pro CC After
Effects and Photoshop run like a boss on
this thing if you need something
completely capable of any media related
tasks I had highly recommend it I was
able to export my three minute and
fourteen second unboxing video of this
MacBook with After Effects compositions
in under 10 minutes which is pretty good
in my opinion
my last MacBook Pro was clocked at 2.3
gigahertz which is pretty fast but I can
definitely tell the difference here
for benchmarks on this beast Geekbench 3
produced a single core score of 38 94
and a multi-core score of 14,000 807
over in black magic disk speed test we
have read speeds as high as seventeen
hundred megabytes per second and write
speeds over fourteen hundred megabytes
per second I'm not a huge gamer but I
did test out a couple of titles for
those curious out there in Counter
Strike global Offensive I saw a
consistent 30 frames per second with all
settings on maximum in full resolution
of the MacBooks panel but the game was a
bit laggy bringing down the resolution a
bit though made it completely playable I
also gave BioShock Infinite a run and it
played buttery smooth at the max
settings and full resolution available
I'm not a gaming expert but from my
testing this MacBook is more than
capable of handling a few good titles
for myself this MacBook has been a dream
so far it's a very powerful laptop for
my needs but it's obviously not for
everyone this specific configuration
will set you back roughly 3200 dollars
which definitely made my wallet sad but
it's also nice to know that I'll have a
very reliable editing machine when on
the go and the laptop that can handle
pretty much anything I'd throw at if
you're looking for a 15-inch for
everyday use I'd recommend the base
model MacBook Pro which comes in around
$2,000 but I'll leave all of the models
linked down below for you personally I
plan on keeping this macbook around for
a while and it looks like it'll be able
to keep up with me so let me know what
you think in the comment section below
and if you enjoyed this video feel free
to leave it a thumbs up thanks again for
watching everybody this is DOM and I'll
catch you in the next one